Algorithm Details
  Name       : Anubis Block Cipher
  Authors    : Paulo S.L.M. Barreto and Vincent Rijmen
  Copyright  : Copyright (c) 2001, P Barreto and V Rijmen
  Licence    : Public Domain
  Year       : 2001
  Block size : 128 bits

Key Details
  Name       : Ripe Message Digest 160
  Authors    : Hans Dobbertin, Antoon Bosselaers and Bart Preneel
               (Code by Antoon Bosselaers)
  Copyright  : Copyright (c) 1996, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven
  Licence    : Public Domain
  Year       : 1996
  Key size   : 160 bits

Plugin Details
  Authors    : Ashley Anderson
  Copyright  : Copyright (c) 2007-2009, Ashley Anderson
  Licence    : GPL
  Version    : 2.1

Additional Details
  ANUBIS is a block cipher designed by Vincent Rijmen and Paulo
  S.L.M. Barreto that operates on data blocks of length 128 bits,
  and uses keys of length 128 to 320 bits in steps of 32 bits. It
  has been submitted as a candidate algorithm for the NESSIE
  cryptographic primitive evaluation effort.  This is version 2 of
  the algorithm:  This software implements the "tweaked" version of
  Anubis.  Only the S-box and (consequently) the rounds constants
  have been changed.
  RIPEMD-160 (RACE Integrity Primitives Evaluation Message Digest)
  is a 160-bit message digest algorithm (and cryptographic hash
  function) developed in Europe by Hans Dobbertin, Antoon
  Bosselaers and Bart Preneel, and first published in 1996.  It is
  an improved version of RIPEMD, which in turn was based upon the
  design principles used in MD4, and is similar in performance to
  the more popular SHA-1.  RIPEMD-160 was designed in the open
  academic community, in contrast to, e.g., the NSA-designed family
  of algorithms, SHA.

Build Details
  Anubis can be built and installed either from the source archive
  downloaded, or from within the encrypt source tree. Both methods
  have their ups and their downs: from its own directory, it is
  only possible to install Anubis itself, so if you're yet to
  install encrypt this isn't the way for you. Otherwise you need to
  copy (at least) the source files from anubis/lib/ to encrypt/lib/
  This will allow you to build and install Anubis along side
  encrypt. Depending on how you choose to do this, you may, or may
  not, need to remove the () from the following commands:

    make all --or-- make gui-all --or-- make anubis
    make install(-anubis)
    make clean(-anubis)
    make uninstall(-anubis)

  On MS Windows:
    Either build from source using Dev-C++ or install using the
    installer.

