Algorithm Details
  Name       : Serpent
  Authors    : Ross Anderson, Eli Biham, Lars Knudsen
  Copyright  : Copyright (c) 1998, R Anderon, E Biham and L Knudsen
  Licence    : Public Domain
  Year       : 1998
  Block size : 128 bits

Key Details
  Name       : Tiger
  Authors    : Ross Anderson and Eli Biham
  Copyright  : Copyright (c) 1995, R Anderson and E Biham
  Licence    : Public Domain
  Year       : 1995
  Key size   : 192 bits

Plugin Details
  Authors    : Ashley Anderson
  Copyright  : Copyright (c) 2004-2008, Ashley Anderson
  Licence    : GPL
  Version    : 0.3

Additional Details
    Note from http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~rja14/serpent.html Serpent
    is now completely in the public domain, and we impose no
    restrictions on its use. This was announced on the 21st August
    at the First AES Candidate Conference. The optimised
    implementations in the submission package are now under the
    General Public License (GPL), although some comments in the
    code still say otherwise. You are welcome to use Serpent for
    any application. If you do use it, we would appreciate it if
    you would let us know!

Build Details
  Serpent can be built and installed either from the source archive
  downloaded, or from within the encrypt source tree. Both methods
  have their ups and their downs: from its own directory, it is
  only possible to install Serpent itself, so if you're yet to
  install encrypt this isn't the way for you. Otherwise you need to
  copy (at least) the source files from serpent/lib/ to
  encrypt/lib/ This will allow you to build and install Serpent
  along side encrypt. You can also build and install using only the
  Serpent tarball if that's all you need.  Depending on how you
  choose to do this, you may, or may not, need to remove the ()
  from the following commands:

    make all --or-- make gui-all --or-- make serpent
    make install(-anubis)
    make clean(-anubis)
    make uninstall(-anubis)

  On MS Windows:
    Either build from source using Dev-C++ or install using the
    installer.

